Update the `Readme.md` with build and debug instructions (#503)
eclipse-che/che-server: README.md

# What is Che server

> Che Server provides an Api to retrieve devfile content from the given repositories such as GitHub GitLab Bitbucket and Azure.

Author: done

# What is Che server

> Che Server provides an Api to retrieve devfile content from the given repositories such as GitHub GitLab Bitbucket and Azure.

Reviewer: If I'm correct, API is an abbreviation, so it needs to be capitalized, plus a few more suggested changes to this sentence:
```suggestion
Che Server provides an API to retrieve devfile content from repositories hosted on GitHub, GitLab, Bitbucket, and Microsoft Azure Repos.
```

Reviewer 2: nice suggestion :+1:

> Apart from that Che Server provides an Api to provision Kubernetes namespaces.

Reviewer 2: @vinokurig let's add it to the first sentence e.g. `Che Server provides an API for managing Kubernetes namespaces and retrieving  devfile content from repositories hosted on GitHub, GitLab, Bitbucket, and Microsoft Azure Repos`

Author: done

# Project structure
Che Server is mostly a Java web application deployed on an Apache Tomcat server in a container. The relevant modules are:     
### oAuth1 / oAuth2 API implementations
- wsmaster/che-core-api-auth
- wsmaster/che-core-api-azure-devops
- wsmaster/che-core-api-bitbucket
- wsmaster/che-core-api-github
- wsmaster/che-core-api-gitlab
### Factory flow implementations
- wsmaster/che-core-api-factory-azure-devops
- wsmaster/che-core-api-factory-bitbucket
- wsmaster/che-core-api-factory-bitbucket-server
- wsmaster/che-core-api-factory-github
- wsmaster/che-core-api-factory-gitlab
- wsmaster/che-core-api-factory-shared
### Kubernetes namespace provisioning
- infrastructures/kubernetes

> - infrastructures/infrastructure-factory

Author: fixed

# What is Che server
Che Server provides an API for managing Kubernetes namespaces, and to retrieve devfile content from repositories,
hosted on GitHub, GitLab, Bitbucket, and Microsoft Azure Repos.

# Project structure

> Che Server is mostly a Java web application deployed on an Apache Tomcat server in a container. The relevant modules are:     

Reviewer: @vinokurig, what do you mean by `relevant` here? These modules are relevant in which context, to whom, why?

Author: It means that since we have the devworkspace operator, we use only those modules, others are deprecated.

> ### oAuth1 / oAuth2 API implementations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### OAuth1 / OAuth2 API implementations
```

- wsmaster/che-core-api-auth
- wsmaster/che-core-api-azure-devops
- wsmaster/che-core-api-bitbucket
- wsmaster/che-core-api-github
- wsmaster/che-core-api-gitlab
### Factory flow implementations
- wsmaster/che-core-api-factory-azure-devops
- wsmaster/che-core-api-factory-bitbucket
- wsmaster/che-core-api-factory-bitbucket-server
- wsmaster/che-core-api-factory-github
- wsmaster/che-core-api-factory-gitlab
- wsmaster/che-core-api-factory-shared
### Kubernetes namespace provisioning
- infrastructures/kubernetes
- infrastructure/openshift
- infrastructures/infrastructure-factory

Other modules are deprecated and will be removed in the future.

# Build requirements

> - Apache Maven 3.6.3 or Higher

Reviewer: Our style guide suggests using the word `earlier` and `later`/`latest` when describing software versions:
```suggestion
- Apache Maven 3.6.3 or later
```

- JDK Version 11
- Podman or Docker (required for running integration tests)

# Sources build

> Run `mvn clean install` to build. Activate a faster profile build by adding `-Pfast`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run `mvn clean install` to build. Activate a faster profile build by adding `-Pfast`.
```

# Image build and push
1. Go to the `dockerfiles` directory.
2. Run `./build.sh`.

> 3. Tag the **che-server** image with your account `docker tag quay.io/eclipse/che-server:next <docker registry>/<your account>/che-server:next`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Tag the **che-server** image with your account: `docker tag quay.io/eclipse/che-server:next <docker registry>/<your account>/che-server:next`.
```

> 4. Push the **che-server** image to your account `docker push <docker registry>/<your account>/che-server:next`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Push the **che-server** image to your account: `docker push <docker registry>/<your account>/che-server:next`.
```

# Debug

> 1. Deploy Che to [an openshift cluster](https://www.eclipse.org/che/docs/stable/administration-guide/installing-che-on-openshift-using-cli/) or [minikube](https://www.eclipse.org/che/docs/stable/administration-guide/installing-che-on-minikube/). Use the previously built image: `chectl server:start --platform=<openshift / minikube> --cheimage=<docker registry>/<your account>/che-server:next`  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Deploy Che to [a Red Hat OpenShift](https://www.eclipse.org/che/docs/stable/administration-guide/installing-che-on-openshift-using-cli/) or [Minikube](https://www.eclipse.org/che/docs/stable/administration-guide/installing-che-on-minikube/) cluster by using a previously built image: `chectl server:start --platform=<openshift / minikube> --cheimage=<docker registry>/<your account>/che-server:next`  
```

> 2. Enable local debug of Eclipse Che server: `chectl server:debug`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Enable local debug of the Eclipse Che server: `chectl server:debug`.
```

> 3. In your IDE create a new Remote JVM Debug configuration on `localhost:8000`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. In your IDE, create a new Remote JVM Debug configuration on `localhost:8000`.
```

# Join the community

The Eclipse Che community is globally reachable through public chat rooms, mailing list and weekly calls.

> See https://www.eclipse.org/che/docs/stable/overview/introduction-to-eclipse-che/#_joining_the_community

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See https://www.eclipse.org/che/docs/stable/overview/introduction-to-eclipse-che/#_joining_the_community.
```
